Yeah ha ha ha.
Hah ha ha ha. ha ha ha.
Oh my god.
We got this on my record. She don't know who I...
She doesn't know who Malala is.
Wait Aren't you a feminist?
You know i'm a feminist.
Somewhere The Middle East or something.
hah whoa ha ha ha ha.
But like Was it Al-Qaeda?
No or was it ISIS?
What you guys talking about?
Oh, was it the government?
The The Taliban.
She's like, she doesn't know how to do this.
hah ha ha.
It was alright.
Yeah, I never read it.
Huh ha hah ha hah uh.
Guy Montag.
It was okay like I didn't hate it.
huh ha hah ha.
No, I'm just like.
Yeah.
Harry Potter. hah.
Wait, no. I liked Island Under Blue Dolphins. You guys didn't read that.
Yeah, it's a woman too.
I don't know, can you explain?
I read it in third grade.
I do.
I know I'm better than you.
Ha ha ha Really? On an island, right?
Ha huh uh.
This is called Dolphins... Island of the Blue Dolphins.
Wait so she was like.
Was she capsized? No she wasn't. She let it she..
What how'd she get there? She was left there.
She was left there like oh, it's like her her native people say like letter, right?
Right.
Yea.
And then was her brother there too? Her brother was there too.
Wasn't she Karen? Yeah.
And then he was like, oh man, I gotta survive and stuff and then he.
Did she make a boat out there? I don't think so.
She did.
Yea plus thats so much better. I was like so cool, she was like...
And then she was like, at there is at some point she was like, she burned her hair or something. Like to...
Yeah, I was like, wow, that's so tough.
Yeah She was like, well, someone wasn't reading.
Ha ha ha ha.
It's happy. Its happy.
Didn't she like, she rode with the dolphins or something?
No, she like she made the boat and then she like started drowning or something and then the dolphin saved her.
No?
Yea.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm making some love at this point.
Ha ha. ha ha. no.
Remember the ab... the abalones? I should just eat abalones.
And then yeah, I really like that.
Ha ha ha. Thats all i remember. No, I'm not making these ones.
Ha ha ha ha huh.
You have Ethnic studies. nice year.
I just, I didn't know that was a class. I didn't know that was a class here. Wait.
Did you kill a mockingbird? It was like...
It was alright like the dad was that that was tough.
He was all go(***).
Ha ha ha ha ha hah hah hah.
Because he... he's a lawyer.
Yeah, he was the only good guy.